c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\obj\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\obj\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\obj\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\Josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Josh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SportsStore.Domain\SportsStore.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
